c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.exe.config
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.exe
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.pdb
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.exe
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.pdb
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.AddVol.resources
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.FTestArea.resources
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\ClassesP.dll
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\ClassesP.pdb
c:\users\hobay\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.Inject.resources
C:\Users\HobaY\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.exe.config
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.exe
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\TestArea.pdb
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\ClassesP.dll
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\bin\Debug\ClassesP.pdb
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.AddVol.resources
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.FTestArea.resources
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestAreaNS.Inject.resources
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.exe
C:\Users\HobaY\Desktop\Проекты\Projects 2017\Projects\TestArea\TestArea\obj\Debug\TestArea.pdb
